Update xdn_config.md (#46)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/xdn_config.md

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| domainOrIp | String | (Required) The domain or ip address for the backend site or API. |
| hostHeader | String | A value to send as the `host` header when sending requests to the backend site or API.  By default the host header sent from the browser is used. |

> | disableCheckCert | Boolean | A flag to turn off TLS certificate check when making proxy requests to the backend site or API.  By default it is `false` and for security purpises we strongly recommend that it is kept so in production environments. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disableCheckCert | Boolean | A flag to turn off the TLS certificate check when making proxy requests to the backend site or API.  By default it is `false` and for security purposes we strongly recommend that it is kept `false` in production environments. |
```
